this video is a summer themed nail art
video let me know in the comments below
which manicure is your favorite one two
or three and give the video a thumbs up
if you want to see even more summer nail
art on my channel very soon and in here
number one is a beach manicure inspired
by the sand and the sea on our pointer
finger we started with the nude base to
kind of represent sand then we're going
to go in with a glitter polish wipe this
down across the nail at an angle
using a coral polish we are just going
to draw a little starfish it is starfish
nana here about two years ago I'll link
it below if you haven't seen it
basically just draw five little lines in
the shape of a star it can be totally
bumpy because stucking are perfect I
kind of go on top of the content
our middle finger is going to represent
the ocean so we painted it a light color
blue we're going to go in with a white
nail striper very very lightly just kind
of make squiggly lines and it's going to
kind of look like the reflection of the
waves in the ocean
it's going to draw a starfish all over
the nail
to finish off the starfish we are just
going to put white polka dots comes out
lining it
I'm more of a textured look with these
particular starfish I don't want the
white to be showing through so much so
I'm just going to go back over the white
polka dots with the same blue color and
the white will kind of show through
it'll just give a really cool like 3d
effect
you
here is our finished manicure once we
added our topcoat to make the nails and
nice and shiny feel like it's just the
perfect beach themed or ocean theme to
manicure so I hope that you guys like
manicure number one and want to try it
out so let's move on to our second
design manicure number two is a
flip-flop print design is pretty easy to
draw a flip-flop on your nail you just
need a large sized dotting tool got your
color of choice onto your nail then take
your dotting tool and just slightly drag
it down and you pretty much get the
perfect flip-flop shape I know it kind
of looks like a little beam or something
right now but once we add the flip-flop
straps it all comes together and you're
just going to do this all over your nail
and I'm going to be using a bunch of
different colors
basically just going to draw two lines
kind of pointing upwards towards the top
of the flip-flop like a little V
continue to do this to all of our little
flip-flops here's the finished manicure
once I added my top coat on the other
nails I just did some polka dots you
could definitely do flip-flops on all of
your nails if you'd like to but I think
it looks really cute as an exit nail and
it's just really really fun for
summertime you can use lots of bright
colors and then you have little
flip-flops on your nails so I hope that
you enjoyed manicure number two and
let's move on to our third and final
design and if you're number three is
inspired by the beach ball in this photo
to the left but remember that beach
balls come in all different colors so
you can use any colors that you would
like to to draw your beach ball you're
just going to pick your three colors
that you want your ball to be I'm going
off that photo that I showed you and you
can use a thin nail brush or a nail
striper and you're just going to create
kind of like color blocks coming from a
center point which would be the top of
the beach ball to curve the lines just
slightly because the ball is round so
you kind of want to give the illusion
that it's kind of a round shape on the
nail and then you're just going to fill
it in it's okay if this top area is
really messy because once we're done
with our colors we are going to pop a
big white polka dot right in the center
to be the top of the beach ball lines
are slightly curved and we're just going
to fill that section
very last step is to take a large
dotting tool with some white nail polish
and make a large white polka dot right
in the center I just added my top coat
to make my nails nice and shiny and here
is our finished beach ball inspired
manicure it's so simple but so friggin
cute like I love this summer manicure so
I hope that you guys like it too and I'm
all shaky I had too much coffee thank
you guys for watching and subscribing
and I hope that you like the video send
me your recreation photos on Facebook
Twitter and Instagram and I'll talk to
you guys soon bye